chore(hack): add `-o` flag to deploy published operator versions and snapshots (#10404)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: contribute/development_environment/README.md

`kind` cluster in your workstation with a container registry that provides the
operator image that you just built.

Alternatively, you can deploy a published release instead of building from

> sources by using the `-o` flag:

Reviewer: `-s`?

```shell
# Deploy the latest published operator

> ./hack/setup-cluster.sh -o main create deploy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Deploy the latest built operator from source
./hack/setup-cluster.sh -s source create deploy
```

Reviewer 2: Making it -s to make it  more inline to what we are deploying.

# Deploy a specific release

> ./hack/setup-cluster.sh -o 1.28.1 create deploy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
./hack/setup-cluster.sh -s 1.28.1 create deploy
```

Reviewer 2: Making it -s to make it more inline to what we are deploying.
